normally we would catch up on all of the
headlines from around the world you know
maybe we talk about Harvey Weinstein
getting 23 years in prison we could talk
about the Supreme Court's a giving
President Trump a victory on immigration
but today there's only one story the
entire world is talking about the
coronavirus aka Co vyd 19a ka mumble
number death it's now in 110 countries
with over a hundred and twenty two
thousand confirmed cases and it looks
like it's only getting worse the World
Health Organization today officially
designating coronavirus as a global
pandemic Congress's in-house doctor told
Capitol Hill staffers at a closed-door
meeting this week that he expects 75 to
150 million people in the United States
to contract the coronavirus new tests
led by the US government scientists show
the virus can live in the air for
several hours and on some surfaces for
up to three days oh okay that's a lot of
information so let's try and break it
all down first the world World Health
Organization has officially just
declared coronavirus a global pandemic
which yes is scary for us humans but
from Coronas perspective it's pretty
cool ya know cuz we're a virus this is
like going platinum you know it's it's a
big day started from the Wuhan now we're
here I think it's pretty cool for Corona
and yes I'm saying that because I hope
if I suck up to Corona it'll leave me
alone I I'm not sure if it'll work but
I'm gonna try it now the second piece of
information is a little more
disconcerting Congress is in house
doctor says up to a hundred and fifty
million people in the United States
could end up getting Corona yeah that is
half the country and then the other half
won't get it because they're clearly
losers who don't have friends yeah it's
gonna be like like how do you not have
Corona has nobody touched you I'd rather
be dads
and the third point might be the most
scary we're learning this coronavirus
can stay on some surfaces for up to
three days yeah although in New York it
doesn't stay as long because I can't
afford the rent that's the good news the
housing crisis is real now on some
surfaces like cardboard
apparently Corona can only survive for a
day if it's cardboard but then on harder
surfaces like glass it can survive for
much longer so like your cell phone that
could be a problem yeah my advice clear
your browsing history I mean you might
still get Corona but at least the
doctors won't see all the freaky shit
you've been searching on your phone is
this your emergency car wait what the
hell look guys I know we're all scared
but it's important to keep a clear head
panic it's not gonna help anything right
we're still learning about this we're
still learning about the mortality rate
and panic is not helping cuz right now
some people are letting their panic make
them dumb as shit the impact of the
corona virus being felt across the
country now affecting everything from
air travel to schools to what's on store
shelves or what's not on store shelves
in some case some retailers seeing a run
on many of the basics well just a crazy
scene at a grocery store where toilet
paper has been in high demand
yes surveillance video shows a stampede
of customers clearing the shelves fights
over toilet paper breaking out in
grocery stores as shelves run empty
people what are you doing I really don't
understand what people are do you do not
need to panic
over toilet paper
what I would understand right food
medicine yes but you can survive without
toilet paper don't forget you're in a
bathroom oh how will I clean my butt in
this room with a shower I feel like
people in first world countries don't
know what to panic about toilet paper
shitty people just gonna be running
around Walmart like where's the car wax
and maybe it's because it's because
where I grew up there were times when we
didn't have to wear the paper honestly
when I was a kid we didn't have some
other paper we always made a plan right
you can use newspaper you just rub it
together this is a true thing right you
can use paper towels hell everyone in
America has a dog push comes to shove
you wipe their ass with a dog yeah
freckles get out get your like I'd
rather use my hands Trevor
look man just avoid panicking because if
you panic you stop thinking kid and if
you're not thinking clearly then you'll
start to believe anything that you hear
and there is a lot of bad information
that is out there
well the spread of the corona virus it's
also led to a lot of spread of
misinformation there are more rumors
going around on social media about how
to avoid the corona virus eating garlic
drinking bleach snorting cocaine yes and
masturbation are not miracle cures for
coronavirus yes drinking bleach snorting
cocaine and masturbating is not the way
to cure corona it's the way to kick off
the most rock and roll party of your
life and I don't understand how anyone
would force for any of that none of
those things gets rid of the corona
virus my bleach gets rid of stains you
can't drink it so I'm gonna help you
garlic gets rid of vampires okay cocaine
gets rid of your money that's it in a
way the only thing that makes sense is
masturbating okay that won't cure you
but if you stay and you do that all day
you'll probably have less chance of
catching the virus yeah you know if the
CDC really wants people to self
quarantine forget the Purell they should
just be handing out lotion kay you go
stay home and social distance yourself
you know what I mean
[Music]